Add support for Logs Array Processor in Logs Pipelines (#3120)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/logs_custom_pipeline.md

- `name` (String) Your pipeline name.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--array_processor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.array_processor`

Required:

- `operation` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Operation to perform on the array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation))

Optional:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable your pipeline.
- `name` (String) Your pipeline name.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.array_processor.operation`

Optional:

- `append` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that appends a value to a target array attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--append))

> - `length` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that computes the length of a source array and stores the result in the target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--length))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `length` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that computes the length of a source array and stores the result in a target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--length))
```

> - `select` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that finds an object in a source array using a filter, and then extracts a specific value into the target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--select))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `select` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that finds an object in a source array using a filter, and then extracts a value from that found object and puts that value into the target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--select))
```

<a id="nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--append"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.array_processor.operation.append`

Required:

- `source` (String) Attribute path containing the value to append.
- `target` (String) Attribute path of the array to append to.

Optional:

- `preserve_source` (Boolean) Remove or preserve the remapped source element. Defaults to `true`.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--length"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.array_processor.operation.length`

Required:

- `source` (String) Attribute path of the array to measure.
- `target` (String) Attribute that receives the computed length.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--array_processor--operation--select"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.array_processor.operation.select`

Required:

> - `filter` (String) Filter condition expressed as key:value used to find the matching element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `filter` (String) Filter expression (e.g. key1:value1 OR key2:value2) used to find the matching element.
```

- `name` (String) Your pipeline name.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.pipeline.processor.array_processor`

Required:

- `operation` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Operation to perform on the array. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation))

Optional:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable your pipeline.
- `name` (String) Your pipeline name.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.pipeline.processor.array_processor.operation`

Optional:

- `append` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that appends a value to a target array attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--append))
- `length` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that computes the length of a source array and stores the result in the target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--length))

> - `select` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that finds an object in a source array using a filter, and then extracts a specific value into the target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--select))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `select` (Block List, Max: 1) Operation that finds an object in a source array using a filter, and then extracts a value from that found object and puts that value into the target attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--select))
```

<a id="nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--append"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.pipeline.processor.array_processor.operation.append`

Required:

- `source` (String) Attribute path containing the value to append.
- `target` (String) Attribute path of the array to append to.

Optional:

- `preserve_source` (Boolean) Remove or preserve the remapped source element. Defaults to `true`.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--length"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.pipeline.processor.array_processor.operation.length`

Required:

- `source` (String) Attribute path of the array to measure.
- `target` (String) Attribute that receives the computed length.

<a id="nestedblock--processor--pipeline--processor--array_processor--operation--select"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.pipeline.processor.array_processor.operation.select`

Required:

> - `filter` (String) Filter condition expressed as key:value used to find the matching element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `filter` (String) Filter expression (e.g. key1:value1 OR key2:value2) used to find the matching element.
```
